Proposal for WorldCryptoNetwork coin from Dustin aka [@BTCArtGallery](https://twitter.com/btcArtGallery)

Dustin says he loves what Thom and I have been doing on WCN and says it’s a shame we can’t do it full time. He has listed a lengthy proposal in an email to both Thom and Chris Ellis. This is an edited version.

*You have all the personality and positiveness through the worse times we have seen, but you keep asking hard questions. I admire what you doing and want to help.*

Dustin goes on to say:

*If the World Crypto Network is going to survive it needs to remove its ties to funding through Altcoins which will only poison your perspective on reporting them if you were to do this full time, when your own fate its tied to their various misfortunes and pitfalls.*

Dustin believes the best way for us to do this is to create our own alt coin. He says this may seem ironic and he expects us to be dubious and outlines his reasoning. The below has had some editing but all words are Dustin’s.

1. You have resources
First of all you have now established contacts within the community and have a brand name. When Bitcoin is soooo young this is amazing. This can be a very profitable position to be in and you need to capitalize on it to secure the future of the network as a whole. The sooner you do this the better, because then you can organize yourself in such a manner to best profit from your own reporting. Your already doing a great job at this, but since your funding donation based your income will always be limited by the market/profitability value in general. You need to remove that barrier.  

2. Mining will always decline in profitability over time
Unless your going to scale in hardware, personal investment by buying bitcoin, or scale a business involved with bitcoin you will eventually lose out and be left with what amounts to a fixed sum of bitcoin as its difficulty ever increases likewise the price. The only way to avoid this is to have a asset which scales itself, such as an altcoin you have a huge stake in. Since you can't acquire a huge stake in bitcoin, enough to be self sufficient off of it, your left with trying to generate enough capital in altcoins to buy bitcoin, which will also not serve you in the long run because as I said earlier those altcoins become themselves ever more difficult to mine, and you do not receive and equal share of the coin through donations. No one gives you thousands and thousands of dollars of a coin which is successful, they give a tiny amount. The high quantities of coins you receive as donations are coins which are suffer downtrends, and the donations are trying to lure investments through you buy just getting the name passed around more.  
Realistically, over a long period of time, any real gains the network made would be from bitcoin donations over years, even if your selling altcoins the moment you get them for bitcoin, that tiny amount loses you value in the thousands and thousands of transactions over years in bitcoin from the staring value of donation, especially at where the fees are now.  

3. IPO Your own altcoin
Any IPO you did to raise funds to start your own alt coin, given 30 days would raise hundreds of dollars you can pay to a developer for state of the art custom features and maintenance, or get Chris to do it :) . This is because you guys are popular enough, and you have gained trust in the community.

4. Technicalities of coins
Mr Chris Ellis knows more about coins then I care to imagine, and you have enough experts on each month that I actually cant imagine why none of them have jumped on you and offered to do it for you. It seems like a natural progression to me, which I why I just sat around expecting you guys to become successful overnight. You can tap the people and stuff you know to build this coin, and do it the best practice possible now that you have learned everything you know, and so I can't imagine the technical problem you couldn't solve or find someone to help with the knowledge I have seen you guys cover. I would trust your crew to argue out a coin fundamentals better then anyone I could imagine.  

5. Why would your coin succeed.
People talk a lot about community on the boards and forums and reddit, but do you know what community is? Community is fucking people. When i go on to bitcointalk i don't see people, I see goblins and trolls and scammers. You guys have already built the community that would be interested in your coin, the community that everyone talks about, the HIGH EDUCATED INFORMED ETHICAL community that you guys preach about, well fuck man its the audience which listens to your shows, those guys, because they only listen because they think what you say is valuable enough o spend 3 hours listening to fuzzing upside down skype/google webcam shows :) And so the community which everyone says is the most important thing about a cryptocurrency you have in spades.  

6. How would World Crypto Network be able to profit over the long term in a stable and ethical and transparent way through its own cryptocurrency when mining is always going to be less profitable?  

50% of the coin is POS held in LOCKED wallet generating interest like Peercoin or Blackcoin which is paid out automatically to another UNLOCKED wallet. The reason for the locked wallet is so that everyone is sure that you can't dump those coins and so all that uncertainty is removed from the market (POS stake of like 5 years). The coins generated by the POS will go to the OPEN wallet for you to spend through the network (will describe later) This way your always generating the same amount of coin over time regardless of price or mining difficulty.  

It doesn't mater what you decide to do with the other 50% of the coins not dedicated to the network wallet POS, you can set it up for people to mine them, you could premine the whole thing and give them away to donors like I was saying on twitter to generate capital for a big IPO that you could then invest into the network in return for starting stake in your coin. You could have mutli algorithms, or self destructing coins. Regardless of this the World Crypto Network will be generating the same amount of coins without mining on expensive and ever out-dating hardware which has be replaced.   

This makes much more sense for an organization to do this, then a single person, because and organization can use the generated coins as a means of internal payment (like Overstock.com), and as a way of interacting with the fans like Tatiana is doing with her coin. It can also facilitate you paying content creators and hosts and guest for their time with a share of the coin however you decide (this is the manner LTBcoin from Lets Talk Bitcoin Podcast will use theirs).  

These are all good, but none of them is a live show people can watch and interact with. The World Crypto Network is something other people can join and make shows for, and participate in more equally and with fewer barriers to entry then LetstalkBitcoin. All the shows could get a wallet and a cut of the coins generated in the POS to distribute to their particular fans or guests or hosts, and some share they get themselves.  

The goal would be that these coins would have enough value eventually to be paying entirely for the whole network staff hosts guests equipment and travel expenses (problem you guys are having right now)  

7. How would the coin get enough value ethically to do this (avoiding pump and dumps)?
  
Three suggestions

A. one an POS coin then then after pow launches a multpool so the fans can support the price by pointing the rigs at that and mining something like litecoin and selling it for your coin, like what Blackcoin did and was a big success. You don't need to mine other coins, you can even just have a "mutlipool" that mines only bitcoin and trades it in for your coin.   

B. You don't need merchants to take you coin, you just need fans to hold it and enjoy it and they will automatically promote it and get it on exchanges because that's the kind of people they are, interested in the long term crypto, why else would they listen to you guys? :) This behavior, rather then trying to buy your way onto exchanges like many of these new coins do, will reinforce the holding behavior of your much more experienced audience, then the pump and dump audience of the latest round of noobs in bitcointalk.  

C. Avoid bitcointalk all together, and the other forums and holy provide the information on the world crypto network itself, which means the fans will be the only ones in on the ground floor, which will be the people most likely to think long term and hold as their investment in the show, then the crazies that now inhabit bitcointalk. you don't need them, you already have plenty of potential miners from the audience. The bad actors in bitcointalk i believe are what is driving the price down on most altcoins because that place has become a bad ecosystem that can poison a crypto's potential and flatten it. Likewise with reddit.

8. Why another altcoin? What does this do that other coins can't

Because those coins weren't designed to support our roving reporters in the field. Also because if you grow this organically from within your own community through the process of experimentation you can accomplish what those other coins fail to do, serve a purpose. An internal coin for an organization serves a myriad of purposes, but only if its designed within that organization by that organization for that organization. 90% of these altcoins have no real world application, your coin is about reports and a news show, that something tangible, its a show, it has episodes, they are free, that's an asset worth a lot more then promises that the bagholders on blackcoin won't sell tomorrow. You can publicly lock the wallet with the 50% in it in a way for years to generate POS and nobody need fear that if you publish and do it on the show in some way.

9. Building it is half the fun.
While you debate if the World Crypto Network should have a coin or not, you should be asking your guests, and your audience, and random people what they think. I'm sure everyone is sick of all the coins appearing by now. But that not the point or the issue. The question is not if there should be another altcoin, the question that should be asked is would they (whoever your phrasing the question at) like one of the many future altcoins to be a coin for the World Crypto Network, to work within the network itself, to support it by the Network itself having a large stake in a transparent un-dumpable manner, and to be mined/traded among the fans and guests and hosts? I bet the answer to those question will be yes, sure why the hell not.

10. Why would someone hold your coin over another
There is no reason, except that they like the show, and are showing their support by holding it. Thais it. But if your offering this coin to your fan base, they are the most likely to hold it in the first place, so even if the few people who sell everything, or everyone sells everything, some will still be holding and buying out of support for the shows, and that will provide value equal to the size of your hardcore fan base, which I imagine is most of them. There are also many technical things I haven't thought of that you could do to make you coin diffrent or original, but none of those are necessarily, only the audience and the shows, and the stability of the payments coming in to the world crypto network, regardless of difficulty or mining hardware.

These are all just ideas, I don't expect any of them to be perfect, 50% isn't necessarily the right number, and I have no idea about how many coins would be right, but I think you guys have a better chance of doing this then LetsTalkBitcoin because their show is fascinating but boring. All they do is talk about the newest technical bitcoin software thingy, they never discus the news or altcoins or controversy until its a week(s) old. You guys are fun, funny, and you will get angry, and more importantly you cover the news while its still news. LetsTalkBitoin is emotionally dead a lot of the time, and its never is the day by day blows that you guys cover. I think that's the style they were going for, but if they think their coin can succeed, then I think your coin can do just as well, if not better because your a growing network that can go worldwide easily, they really can't, there is no pod casting group show since group podcast shows arn't the same as your group chats with a dozen people live. Did i mention live? they are never live. You are. Your coin will be funner because you can distribute it live to the donors, or the hosts, or the guests, or whoever you want in the comments. They really cant do that, or at least without a live show it wouldn't be half as fun.  


Anyways you could easily raise enough bitcoin in an IPO for your own coin to cover the cost for the developer and setting it up, and I see if you did it correctly with the correct coin model you could finance the network with it. The coin doesn't have to be a huge success, even a few thousand dollars a month in transactions is more then enough of a success for someone who held 50% and was generating the interest. Even the worse crypto pull that off so long as they don't die, or aren't crushed by the multipools. by the way there are plenty of ways to avoid multipools for a new coin. 


I hope some of these ideas bounce off you and you come up with all the stuff I didn't even touch on or think about, and you give it a shot. The worse it can do is fail, the best it can do is succeed.